README.md, before:

# Popular Algorithms Implemented in JavaScript
Each of the algorithms here are designed to show a specific skill or
set of skills.

## Project Organization
The project is organized by algorithm and each algorithm has a README
associated with it that contains:
1. An explaination of the purpose for the algorithm.
2. A description of an exercise for you to try and implement it
3. One potential way of impelmenting it that demostrates the key concept
to learn. This does not prescribe the only way of implementing it.

## How to use
To play around with the algorithm, you can paste the code from the
respective `answer-two.js` file into your favorite repl, modify the functions
and its arguments. They are all designed to log out to the console at
various steps that make sense.

### Some Repls you can use to execute this code
1. Quokka JS extension for VSCode. This is recommended because you can
just run the extension on the file directly if you clone or download the
repository so you don't have to copy + paste the code.
2. [Online Repl for many languages](https://repl.it/) - Just create a
JavaScript one
3. NodeJS Provided Runtime (Node 8 or higher recommended)

Commit message:

fix spelling errors and add lessons

README.md, after:

# Popular Algorithms Implemented in JavaScript
Each of the algorithms here are designed to show a specific skill or
set of skills.

## Project Organization
The project is organized by algorithm and each algorithm has a README
associated with it that contains:
1. An explanation of the purpose for the algorithm.
2. A description of an exercise for you to try and implement it
3. One potential way of implementing it that demonstrates the key concept
to learn. This does not prescribe the only way of implementing it.

## How to use
To play around with the algorithm, you can paste the code from the
respective `answer-two.js` file into your favorite repl, modify the functions
and its arguments. They are all designed to log out to the console at
various steps that make sense.

### Some Repls you can use to execute this code
1. Quokka JS extension for VSCode. This is recommended because you can
just run the extension on the file directly if you clone or download the
repository so you don't have to copy + paste the code.
2. [Online Repl for many languages](https://repl.it/) - Just create a
JavaScript one
3. NodeJS Provided Runtime (Node 8 or higher recommended)

## Lessons
Use hash tables and single loops wherever possible. Always calculate your algorithm's
time complexity.

1. Constant time solutions will more likely than not involve a hash table.
2. `O (n)` or greater solutions usually involve nested loops or more than one loop.
3. Determine the likely scale of your code and find a time complexity that works for you.
They all work best at different ranges. You might want to test how it works with different n values.
